hello everybody this nerve-racking
another little guy for European the
solace for conquest of the new world or
patch 1.4 and this one's gonna be under
humiliate cages belly which we find here
in the declaration of war as in natives
you can humiliate the other native
tribes or the other small tribes that is
but first I'm gonna do one little small
thing here I'm actually gonna here
rivals the old you baby oh there we go
rivals the would you be we so when I am
gonna do this I'll hopefully get another
good amount of prestige if I've killed
one of his armies but I'm gonna declare
war take his capital and I need to put a
leader on here and let's declare the war
take the capsule of holly's hopefully
I'm thinking about him going over here
that's why I've placed myself out here
in no-man's land
and he'll be there under 12 so there we
go and we'll move in
hopefully striking that one yeah we will
and as you can see we got twelve and a
half prestige to the fact that we rival
them that's a huge bonus and he's
attacking us so we'll kill another one
and we gain another twelve so that's 25
prestige and this war alone and he's now
going back here maybe I should actually
detach a siege but I'm not going to I'm
gonna kill his army in a second win this
oh where did he go he went all the way
down there thoughts were for the saves
here but as soon as this promise fall
I'll go down here so on top of me
actually being able to take this country
or I'll show you in just a little minute
here when the siege is over I'll also
get another thirty seven prestige on
this combat actually so that's a nice
nifty little
tricky because prestige is pretty good
especially as the natives as it's one of
the factors in the Federation oh he
actually got them he got the seat first
we've got 42% come on guys this is our
my vassal so that's why 42% this should
have dropped already there we go and
then just quickly kill this army go
another twelve and a half percent and
he's gonna go there so might actually
even give yet 50-day prestige on this
one yeah we got fifty prestige on this
one and we're just reaching the province
but I'm actually not enforced to do that
because I've got enough more score as it
is as you can see here there is the show
strength but it needs 100 percent so if
I want to do that I need to retake the
this territory and what it does is it
actually gives you 20 of each manic
point up here you can only take this
option show strength if you did the
humiliation conquest
yeah The humiliation casus belli but
another very good thing especially for
migrating traps I find it very useful is
actually creating a vessel taking that
trait power do not take the cache as you
can see here my income is so bad as a
migrating tribe that where it sits can't
actually find it but I'll get a huge
inflation there oh that's not really
that much but considering its eighth
goal points a so it's really not worth
it but I can take this piece through you
which is a quite significant with me
getting to Basil's and a lot more cash
overtime you'll get some aggressive
expansion
that's what it is and I'll just send the
demands but as you see we got fifty
prestige out of that and we then got
another prestige because of the
penalties of this war so we gained fifty
seven prestige undoing the humiliation
war so it's very useful actually and
I'll get an event for losing prestige
but I hope this conquest was a
humiliation Katia's belly was helpful
for you see you later bye